well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
a problem I've been hearing about for 20
years and I gets brought up anytime
somebody wants to bring up anything
about any form of social safety net
people are like hey well we got to deal
with our homeless that's first and since
those people who pretend to care about
them are obviously not going to propose
a solution I've got one of my own scope
of the problem on the average night
there are forty thousand 56 homeless
vets all right so we need facilities in
every state because they're not all
geographically centered we need them
spread out everywhere that can house
them provide hygiene food shelter
everything everything they need
recreation okay so that network of
facilities already exists and as of last
year it was capable of housing forty
thousand five hundred and twenty people
so more than its there it is there so
all we have to do is honor our treaty
obligations let the asylum seekers and
the migrants out have them show up for
the court day then all of those
facilities are open they're all there
there's room for everybody
now if they actually have a criminal
record or are a danger to society you
put them in a county jail where they
belong and I know people look like well
what about the guards
it's the u.s. we now have more people
incarcerated than we're incarcerated in
Stalin's gulags they're not going to go
without work they could get retrained to
help the vets because it's normally a
lot of those people saying that we need
to help them the solution is there it's
there so what are we waiting for
all it takes is for those people who are
all over the comments-section
screening about homeless vets to instead
of being in YouTube video comment
sections or on Twitter
on Facebook or wherever instead of
talking to random people on the internet
call your senator get involved now I
know that's unlikely because just like
the Constitution most of them only care
about homeless vets when it suits their
needs but that's all it's going to take
the facilities are already there and
people say well you know they're they're
better off in those jails in those
detention centers than they are in their
home country wouldn't that apply to
people on the streets wouldn't that
apply to the homeless and even help them
with what we're paying since we're using
private facilities a lot of them we can
even help reintegrate them help them pay
first and last month's rent get them off
the streets actually saw the problem
instead of abandoned the solution is
there all it takes is for those people
who say they care about homeless vets to
love homeless vets more than they hate
brown people that's it anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good night